# Users

This is a document which should outline the various types of users who are expected to be interacting with the system. Quoted sections are from [Challenge Post posting][cp].

[cp]:http://erwlandmineapps.challengepost.com/

## Local Officials

> In many places where ERW/land mines are prevalent, only local officials will have access to mobile phones, and will only report when they are back in range of a cell tower, depending on sophistication of the mobile communications grid. Therefore, the technology solution should address the need for asynchronous use – questions about ERW/land mines are answered and stored for later transmission to appropriate authorities.

## Civilians

There are probably different types of civilians, so there will probably be sub-types. For example, agricultural farmers vs city dwellers.

> People who are more likely to find ERW and land mines in their normal day-to-day lives are mostly in the rural communities, are more likely to be working in the agriculture where they have to utilize land resources daily, and are likely to have limited education/low rates or literacy.

### ERW Reporters

These are people who know about our system and use it to report ERW threats.

### Non-ERW Reporters

These are people who do not use our system but can still be affected by the
reports generated by ERW reporters. These are people who have the potential for
becoming reporters since they do not already use the system.

These people may pick up a report through various communication channels
(perhaps word of mouth, local news, government agencies).

## National Authorities

These authorities are alluded to in the challenge description.
> Application should allow data to go to the relevant National Authority, unusually a Mine Action Centre or a Government Ministry. The data recorded should be designed to allow easy entry into IMSMA (Integrated Management System for Mine Action) which is the most commonly used management system in MACs around the world.

So it should be safe to assume these people use [IMSMA][IMSMA].

[IMSMA]:http://www.nra.gov.la/imsmadatabace.html
